README

What is this and how do I use it?

This customization of Jirka Kosek's customization of Norm
Walsh's DocBook xsls generates a frameset with ingredients
necessary to view an uncompiled help project in most
browsers that support Java applets, much like the "WebHelp"
format available from RoboHELP. You simply have to add a few
files found in the installation directory of the HTML Help
Workshop to the base directory of the frameset. The applet
creates a toc and index tab (though no search or favorites
tab) that works well in most browsers that support applets.
The stuff added for frameset doesn't affect the chm at all.

After generating your html files, copy the contents of the
'java' folder from your HTML Help Workshop installation to
the directory containing the frameset files. Note that you
must copy the *contents* of C:\Program Files\HTML Help
Workshop\java (not the folder-so HHCtrl.class etc. must be
in the same directory as index.html, contents.pane.html, and
index.pane.html).

So when you're done, your directory will look like this
(where build/index.html runs the frameset):

build/	cntimage.gif
		contents.pane.html
		DialogLayout.class
		Element.class
		ElementList.class
		files/*.html
		HHCtrl.cab
		HHCtrl.class
		htmlhelp.hhp
		images/	cntidx.gif
				cntimage.gif
				cnttab.gif
				indexcnt.gif
				indextab.gif
				*.gif 
		index.hhk
		index.html
		index.pane.html
		IndexPanel.class
		RelatedDialog.class
		SitemapParser.class
		toc.hhc
		TreeCanvas.class
		TreeView.class

Note that you can still compile the htmlhelp.hhp file. The
applets .class files are not needed or included in the chm.

This stylesheet was tested with 1.55.0 of the docbook xsls,
but probably works with more recent versions.

Known Limitation: The indexterms in the index tab are
currently not sorted. This can be fixed by tweaking the
xsls. Also, multiple instances of the same indexterm appear
in the index pane (in a chm, they are combined and a choice
of terms is presented when it is double clicked). 

Resources:
http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/default.asp?url=/library/en-us/htmlhelp/html/vsconwhtsja.asp
http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/default.asp?url=/library/en-us/htmlhelp/html/hwMicrosoftHTMLHelpDownloads.asp
http://www.mvps.org/htmlhelpcenter/hhjapplt.htm

This is a contrib file and carries no guarantee.

David Cramer
dcramer@broadjump.com
david@thingbag.net
